#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   litellm
    #   llama-index-core
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.3.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.8.2
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   sounddevice
    #   soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   nltk
    #   streamlit
configargparse==1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via llama-index-core
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via llama-index-core
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via -r requirements.in
dirtyjson==1.0.8
    # via llama-index-core
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flake8==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-index-core
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.6
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.136.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.31.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   playwright
    #   sqlalchemy
grep-ast==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
grpcio==1.64.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.2
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   llama-cloud
    #   llama-index-core
    #   openai
huggingface-hub[inference]==0.23.4
    # via
    #   llama-index-embeddings-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   litellm
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   litellm
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
litellm==1.41.6
    # via -r requirements.in
llama-cloud==0.0.6
    # via llama-index-core
llama-index-core==0.10.52.post2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-embeddings-huggingface
llama-index-embeddings-huggingface==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via dataclasses-json
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
minijinja==2.0.1
    # via huggingface-hub
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via llama-index-core
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
    #   torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via llama-index-core
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   llama-index-core
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
openai==1.35.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
    #   llama-index-core
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   marshmallow
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   llama-index-core
    #   streamlit
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   grep-ast
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
playwright==1.45.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via -r requirements.in
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
pyarrow==16.1.0
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycodestyle==2.12.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   litellm
    #   llama-cloud
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pyee==11.1.0
    # via playwright
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pypandoc==1.13
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via litellm
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-index-core
    #   transformers
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   litellm
    #   llama-index-core
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.4.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.0.1
    # via llama-index-embeddings-huggingface
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sounddevice==0.4.7
    # via -r requirements.in
soundfile==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy[asyncio]==2.0.31
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   sqlalchemy
streamlit==1.36.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.12.1
    # via torch
tenacity==8.4.2
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
    #   llama-index-core
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
torch==2.2.2
    # via sentence-transformers
tornado==6.4.1
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-index-core
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.42.3
    # via sentence-transformers
tree-sitter==0.21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tree-sitter-languages
tree-sitter-languages==1.10.2
    # via grep-ast
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-index-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   llama-index-core
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
watchdog==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   llama-index-core
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata
